Doc : ACM certificate validation method optional (#31455)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/acm_certificate.html.markdown

* Creating an Amazon issued certificate
    * `domain_name` - (Required) Domain name for which the certificate should be issued
    * `subject_alternative_names` - (Optional) Set of domains that should be SANs in the issued certificate. To remove all elements of a previously configured list, set this value equal to an empty list (`[]`) or use the [`terraform taint` command](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/taint.html) to trigger recreation.

>     * `validation_method` - (Required for Amazon-issued certificate) Which method to use for validation. `DNS` or `EMAIL` are valid. This parameter must not be set for certificates that were imported into ACM and then into Terraform.

Reviewer: I think this change would retain the necessary information while keeping with the standard format of just having `(Required)` or `(Optional)`.

If it feels more clear to mention the Amazon-issued bit, perhaps we could add it into the description itself. 

```suggestion
    * `validation_method` - (Optional) Which method to use for validation. `DNS` or `EMAIL` are valid. This parameter must not be set for certificates that were imported into ACM and then into Terraform.
```

Author: > I think this change would retain the necessary information while keeping with the standard format of just having `(Required)` or `(Optional)`.

I got the same feeling, I modified that, thanks 🙏
